PD-1405 / 24.10 / PD-1405-the-static-ip-settings-from-console-are-inaccurate (#3034)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALEUIReference/Network/NetworkInterfaceScreens.md

{{< /truetable >}}

### Aliases

> **Add** the right of **Aliases** shows fields to define an alias, also known as a static IP address and netmask (CIDR) for the interface on the TrueNAS controller. The alias can be an IPv4 or IPv6 address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Add** the right of **Aliases** shows fields to define an alias. Enter the static IP address and netmask (CIDR) for the interface on the TrueNAS controller. An alias can be an IPv4 or IPv6 address if your network is configured to allow IPv6 traffic.
```
